WI #616: Renaming `Provider Version` to `Data Generator Version` in metadata (#843)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/metadata/schema/datageneratorversion.md

# Data Generator Version

The DataGeneratorVersion MAY be supplied to declare the version of logic by which the [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) was generated and is separate from FOCUS Version. DataGeneratorVersion allows for the provider to specify changes that may not result in a structural change in the data. It is suggested that the DataGeneratorVersion use a versioning approach such as [SemVer](https://semver.org) version.

> DataGeneratorVersion MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values. If FocusVersion is changed a new DataGeneratorVersion MUST be also changed. The provider MUST document what changes are present in the DataGeneratorVersion.

Reviewer: Can we align this to the new style of bulleted requirements?
```suggestion
The DataGeneratorVersion column adheres to the following requirements:

* DataGeneratorVersion MUST be present in FOCUS metadata.
* DataGeneratorVersion MUST be of type String.
* DataGeneratorVersion MUST conform to [StringHandling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* DataGeneratorVersion MUST NOT be null.
* When FocusVersion is changed, a new DataGeneratorVersion MUST be also changed.
* Data generators MUST document what changes are present in the DataGeneratorVersion.
```

Reviewer 2: For consistency purposes, we decided to put columns in scope and attributes out of scope.  We didn't discuss the metadata, and thus @ijurica didn't put that in scope in #787 or #798.  

I'm open to getting it to adhere to the new guidelines as long as @ijurica is onboard.

Reviewer 3: Our **ultimate goal** is to refine normative requirements for all elements of the specification, **including Metadata elements**.

It is important to note that, due to deadlines, if we address the requirements for DataGeneratorVersion in the FOCUS 1.2 release, **other metadata elements will remain AS-IS** and will be addressed in future updates.

That being said, this includes a bug fix as well (generators instead of the provider), right?: 

> Data generators MUST document what changes are present in the DataGeneratorVersion.

suggestion 😄 

> Data generators MUST document what changes are reflected in the DataGeneratorVersion.

Reviewer 2: Yes -- we will handle consistency for metadata and attributes per AI #849.

@rileyjenk, please either sustain @flanakin's and/or @ijurica's suggestions or not, and resolve.

Author: @flanakin your suggestion changes the inclusion requirement. I am going to modify.

Author: I have reformatted without changing requirements.
